Them if we try to get the rain like that.
So we go here for example Changi from Harvard you go by the trees you go right all the ones you go by
is 1 0 2 4.
So I like that we click OK.
It will complete the virtual machine.
And if we are back right there we'll see our new updates here.
Is it OK we need to refresh when any update happens.
Do you see Modu memory.
Meaning you have something other to do mid-morning.
You need to reboot this one to to do new memory available.
Of course the operation system.
No I have one gigabyte of the rest but it can't show up in the right here.
So if we go back to the date of this machine I tell you see that it's tough to see.
And once you go by it or frame it's to use one gigabyte or three without any problem.
Even if we have an overload in more than you advice it would work without any problem.
And the machine will use the new brain.